Chat Saved!You said: . Chatbot says: [Hello I am not Kim Jong Un., What is your favourite movie?, You're just boring., Scooby doo is the best animated show!, I like Snoopy., Have you seen cat in the hat?, Do you like pizza?, Which do you prefer Minecraft or Fortnite?, School is an okay place, but I prefer walmart., I like roblox., Lebron james., Do you like the big bang theory?, Cat in the Hat, Woof woof., Big wow. ;), Runescape is fun., Hello]You said: . Chatbot says: [Hello I am not Kim Jong Un., What is your favourite movie?, You're just boring., Scooby doo is the best animated show!, I like Snoopy., Have you seen cat in the hat?, Do you like pizza?, Which do you prefer Minecraft or Fortnite?, School is an okay place, but I prefer walmart., I like roblox., Lebron james., Do you like the big bang theory?, Cat in the Hat, Woof woof., Big wow. ;), Runescape is fun., Hello]You said: . Chatbot says: [Hello I am not Kim Jong Un., What is your favourite movie?, You're just boring., Scooby doo is the best animated show!, I like Snoopy., Have you seen cat in the hat?, Do you like pizza?, Which do you prefer Minecraft or Fortnite?, School is an okay place, but I prefer walmart., I like roblox., Lebron james., Do you like the big bang theory?, Cat in the Hat, Woof woof., Big wow. ;), Runescape is fun., Hello]You said: . Chatbot says: [Hello I am not Kim Jong Un., What is your favourite movie?, You're just boring., Scooby doo is the best animated show!, I like Snoopy., Have you seen cat in the hat?, Do you like pizza?, Which do you prefer Minecraft or Fortnite?, School is an okay place, but I prefer walmart., I like roblox., Lebron james., Do you like the big bang theory?, Cat in the Hat, Woof woof., Big wow. ;), Runescape is fun., Hello]You said: . Chatbot says: [Hello I am not Kim Jong Un., What is your favourite movie?, You're just boring., Scooby doo is the best animated show!, I like Snoopy., Have you seen cat in the hat?, Do you like pizza?, Which do you prefer Minecraft or Fortnite?, School is an okay place, but I prefer walmart., I like roblox., Lebron james., Do you like the big bang theory?, Cat in the Hat, Woof woof., Big wow. ;), Runescape is fun., Hello]You said: . Chatbot says: [Hello I am not Kim Jong Un., What is your favourite movie?, You're just boring., Scooby doo is the best animated show!, I like Snoopy., Have you seen cat in the hat?, Do you like pizza?, Which do you prefer Minecraft or Fortnite?, School is an okay place, but I prefer walmart., I like roblox., Lebron james., Do you like the big bang theory?, Cat in the Hat, Woof woof., Big wow. ;), Runescape is fun., Hello]You said: . Chatbot says: [Hello I am not Kim Jong Un., What is your favourite movie?, You're just boring., Scooby doo is the best animated show!, I like Snoopy., Have you seen cat in the hat?, Do you like pizza?, Which do you prefer Minecraft or Fortnite?, School is an okay place, but I prefer walmart., I like roblox., Lebron james., Do you like the big bang theory?, Cat in the Hat, Woof woof., Big wow. ;), Runescape is fun., Hello]
